chapter5: Make load and entry properties optional (#50)
open-source-firmware/flat-image-tree: source/chapter5-source-file-format.rst

entry
    Entry point address, address size is determined by
    '#address-cells' property of the root node.

    When omitted, the bootloader uses the ``load`` address if present;
    otherwise it chooses an entry point appropriate for the image type
    and target platform. If the bootloader cannot determine a suitable

>     entry point, it shall refuse to boot the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and target platform. If the bootloader cannot determine a suitable entry point, it shall assume the entry point to be equal to the effective load address.
```

I think the entry point option is not reasonable nowadays and we should give implementation some leeway here and just fallback to executing the first instruction. Anything more complex is better served by having an ELF or similar as container IMO.

Author: OK I chopped this back a bit, see what you think

.. _prop_load:

load
    Load address, address size is determined by '#address-cells'
    property of the root node.

    When omitted, the bootloader chooses a load address appropriate for
    the image type and target platform (e.g. a free, suitably-aligned
    region of RAM). If the bootloader cannot determine a suitable load
    address, it shall refuse to boot the image.

    The bootloader is not required to use the in-FIT data address as
    the load address. Producers requiring a specific address shall set
    the ``load`` property explicitly. Image producers shall not rely on
    a particular fallback address being chosen by the bootloader;
    doing so creates a hidden coupling between the FIT layout and
    runtime behaviour, which breaks for inline FITs (where data
    alignment is constrained by the FDT structure) and for external

>     FITs whose placement may vary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When omitted, the bootloader chooses an effective load address appropriate for
    the image type and target platform (e.g. a free, suitably-aligned
    region of RAM). If the bootloader cannot determine a suitable load
    address, it shall refuse to boot the image.

    The bootloader is allowed, but not required, to use the image data address as
    the load address. Producers requiring a specific address shall set
    the ``load`` property explicitly. Image producers shall not rely on
    a particular fallback address being chosen by the bootloader;
    doing so creates a hidden coupling between the FIT layout and
    runtime behaviour, which breaks for inline FITs (where data
    alignment is constrained by the FDT structure) and for external
    FITs whose placement may vary.
```

The change to image data address is to allow also external data.

Author: OK I pulled that in with a small addition

entry
    Entry point address, address size is determined by
    '#address-cells' property of the root node.

    When omitted, the entry point is assumed to be equal to the
    effective load address - execution starts at the first

>     instruction of the loaded image. Producers requiring a specific

Reviewer: I meant the effective load address to be the fallback. We should explicitly allow ELF or PE as FIT images, see my previous pharsing suggestion
